okay so recently my 12-inch MacBook got
wrecked
I had it out on a couch I had some
people over and they had a kid three
year old kid and jumped on the screen he
literally was jumping and his foot rent
right on the screen cracked the inner
panel and it's just it's unusable so
it's not his fault he's really young it
was my fault for you me having on the
couch but that kid's never coming over
again I need to get this thing fixed in
a very quick and simple manner and I
think I found the perfect solution so in
order to do this and I haven't done this
yet because well this is kind of a good
tutorial right you guys can follow along
if you have a busted screen of your own
the first thing you need to do is you
need to install the latest version of
Mac OS it's called Catalina okay so I'm
gonna log in here real quick oh my gosh
I can't see a thing but I just want to
update this thing to the latest version
of Mac OS so that's and System
Preferences what am I looking at here
dude
okay there we go upgrade now so I'll let
this thing install and we'll be back
okay so the MacBook is now running the
latest version of Mac OS and one of the
best features of this new software is
you can use iPads and iPad pros as a
secondary display for Macs now for what
we're doing here we're gonna using a
iPad pro but we're gonna be using it as
a primary display now this is where the
tutorial gets really good it essentially
becomes a hack so going forward we just
- we'll call this video a hack you want
to place the iPad pro right in the
middle of the screen you want to have
even spacing on the left and right we
also want to make sure that the bottom
of the screen still says MacBook you
want to make sure people know you have a
MacBook despite this solid hack and then
to seal everything up we're gonna use
some duct tape so the first piece goes
on the top of the screen it's
essentially going to be used as a hinge
because we still need access to the
bottom screen to connect to the sidecar
app so you take your iPad pro flap that
you've made and you go into system
preferences oh thank God it's so glitchy
if I can find my cursor you connect to
you iPad pro oh there goes tada this is
it this is perfect
a little it's a little bit heavy thil
top-heavy do some duct tape to hold this
up nice and good if you look at the
screen this is like really smooth its
way but I thought it would be okay
so now that this hack is complete we now
have to secure the screen because this
flap ain't gonna cut it we need to have
something a little more solid so we're
gonna use a little bit more duct tape
there we go nice and tight do the same
thing on the other side okay I'm using
small strips here got to keep the hack
nice and clean don't want it too messy
we'll put a strip on the bottom just for
just for a good measure
[Music]
there we go
for security it's nice and snug there
you go now this is the ultimate macbook
and not only is the screen fixed it's
been upgraded it's got touch sensitivity
like you can touch the screens and a lot
of people have wanted on Mac books for a
while it also got pen support like
straight a pen support so let's go into
Photoshop real quick select the brush
tool and you can now draw on this
macbook tablet contraption this is
easily one of the best laptops I've ever
had on this channel for a creative work
it's got some nice weight to it it's got
Apple pencil support like how many
laptops out there have Apple pencil
support right like you need the duct
tape and the iPad to make this whole
thing work but it's a pretty solid hack
and it almost closes like if you give it
a little kind of like it's still pretty
portable umm okay you're welcome
you can thank me in the comments and I
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
you liked it
subs we love to see you guys next time
[Music]